I wake up early in the morning
Morning is my favourite time of day, it’s awesome
For breakfast I’m having cornflakes with cold milk, 

After breakfast I like to watch the TV
Tom and Jerry is my favourite TV programme
I love Spike the dog, he’s ace!

When I’m ready I brush my teeth and wash my face then I leave the house to go to school

At school I see all my friends, happy days!
We get to read books, yay!
I love adventure books best of all, they’re great

After reading we play with our friends in the schoolyard 
My favourite game to play is hide and seek
I’m very good at hide and seek, I love it

I like to have a nap in the afternoon because I’m so tired

After my nap, I draw pictures with felt-tip pens
My favourite thing to draw is animals
My favourite animal is a frog, I think they’re awesome
I like drawing pictures of frogs with green felt-tip pens
Green is my favourite colour

After school has finished I go shopping
I like the toy shop best of all 
They have all sorts of games and toys there like Lego and board-games
I bought a pair of rollerblades last week, they are awesome!

I also like to go to clothes shops
I love funky clothes and hats
My favourite clothes are my red trousers and my green tee-shirt

Sometimes I stop off at the cinema too 
The last film I saw was The Incredibles, it was very funny
My favourite film though is Despicable Me, I love Minions, they crack me up
When I’m at the cinema I always have some popcorn
Usually I have sweet popcorn but sometimes I like toffee popcorn instead

I’m really hungry so I go to a restaurant with my friends
My favourite restaurant is Italian and I really love pizza! 
It’s the best
I hate spinach and banana pizza
My favourite is cheese and tomato flavour
For pudding I have ice-cream with chocolate sauce. 
Oh no I’ve made a mess everywhere! 
I’ve got chocolate sauce on my shirt, I’m such a doofus! 
I’d better get cleaned up.

I really fancy a walk round the park. 
I walk past the tennis courts and the big field where all the kids are playing football.
The best thing to do in the park is athletics
I enjoy running because it gives me energy and makes me feel great

Later on I visit the zoo, it’s awesome!
The giant pandas are really cool, they’re my favourite animal at the zoo
Did you know they eat twelve kilos of bamboo a day?
I also like the giraffes and the monkeys
The  monkeys pull funny faces, they make me laugh

I really love animals
I have a pet turtle
Turtles date back to the time of the dinosaurs
That’s over 200 million years ago, woah!

After the park I go home to play video games
I spend ages playing minecraft every day and have built loads of brilliant things
I like the creepers, but I don't like it when they explode!

In my bedroom I have loads of cool things
I have my toys and games
I have lots of teddy bears
I sleep in a bunk-bed
My bedroom is painted green and I have posters on the walls
The posters are of my favourite singers
I love Katy Perry and I also love Harry Styles

In my bedroom I have a desk where I do my homework
On the desk is my pet turtle
My turtle is called Jojo
I also have a fish tank with some goldfish in
They are very pretty

At dinner time I have burger and chips
I like ketchup on my burger
I don’t like pickles though

After dinner I have a bowl of ice cream
The ice cream is chocolate flavour, it’s delicious 

Before I go to bed I like to read a book
My favourite write is Tom Gates, his books are brilliant and full of pictures
I really like Roald Dahl books too, my favourite story is Matilda and I like The Twits too

At the end of the day I go to sleep in my bunk-bed
It is very high up and I have to climb a ladder to get to the top
I have a special teddy bear up there called Edward who I sleep with
My duvet is dark green and has pictures of cows on it
When I go to sleep I dream of frogs and turtles
